c:\users\ewen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KinectPointsOfInterest\KinectPointsOfInterest\GameXna\bin\Debug\XnaGameContent\Sprite.xnb
c:\users\ewen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KinectPointsOfInterest\KinectPointsOfInterest\GameXna\bin\Debug\GameXna.XML
c:\users\ewen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KinectPointsOfInterest\KinectPointsOfInterest\GameXna\bin\Debug\GameXna.exe
c:\users\ewen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KinectPointsOfInterest\KinectPointsOfInterest\GameXna\bin\Debug\GameXna.pdb
c:\users\ewen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KinectPointsOfInterest\KinectPointsOfInterest\GameXna\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ewen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KinectPointsOfInterest\KinectPointsOfInterest\GameXna\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\ewen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KinectPointsOfInterest\KinectPointsOfInterest\GameXna\obj\x86\Debug\GameXna.exe
c:\users\ewen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KinectPointsOfInterest\KinectPointsOfInterest\GameXna\obj\x86\Debug\GameXna.pdb
c:\users\ewen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KinectPointsOfInterest\KinectPointsOfInterest\GameXna\bin\Debug\XnaGameContent\whiteLine.xnb
c:\users\ewen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KinectPointsOfInterest\KinectPointsOfInterest\GameXna\bin\Debug\KinectHelperMethods.dll
c:\users\ewen\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KinectPointsOfInterest\KinectPointsOfInterest\GameXna\bin\Debug\KinectHelperMethods.pdb
C:\Users\Ewen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\KinectPointsOfInterest\KinectPointsOfInterest\GameXna\bin\Debug\XnaGameContent\click_1.xnb
C:\Users\Ewen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\KinectPointsOfInterest\KinectPointsOfInterest\GameXna\bin\Debug\XnaGameContent\Font.xnb
C:\Users\Ewen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\KinectPointsOfInterest\KinectPointsOfInterest\GameXna\bin\Debug\XnaGameContent\dot.xnb
C:\Users\Ewen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\KinectPointsOfInterest\KinectPointsOfInterest\GameXna\bin\Debug\XnaGameContent\BEEP1A.xnb
C:\Users\Ewen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\KinectPointsOfInterest\KinectPointsOfInterest\GameXna\bin\Debug\XnaGameContent\shopButton.xnb
C:\Users\Ewen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\KinectPointsOfInterest\KinectPointsOfInterest\GameXna\bin\Debug\XnaGameContent\measurementsButton.png
C:\Users\Ewen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\KinectPointsOfInterest\KinectPointsOfInterest\GameXna\bin\Debug\XnaGameContent\measureButton.xnb
C:\Users\Ewen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\KinectPointsOfInterest\KinectPointsOfInterest\GameXna\bin\Debug\XnaGameContent\cursor.xnb
C:\Users\Ewen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\KinectPointsOfInterest\KinectPointsOfInterest\GameXna\bin\Debug\mysql.data.dll
C:\Users\Ewen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\KinectPointsOfInterest\KinectPointsOfInterest\GameXna\bin\Debug\XnaGameContent\textbox.xnb
C:\Users\Ewen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\KinectPointsOfInterest\KinectPointsOfInterest\GameXna\bin\Debug\XnaGameContent\textBoxFont.xnb
C:\Users\Ewen\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\KinectPointsOfInterest\KinectPointsOfInterest\GameXna\bin\Debug\EventControllers.dll
